feat: update default powershell for windows and artifacts (#36)
vmware-samples/validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation: hrm/README.md

Follow the [Implementation of the Python Module for VMware Cloud Foundation Health Monitoring in vRealize Operations](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Foundation/services/vcf-health-monitoring-v1/GUID-AD58BAF1-7DC9-4514-90B7-7E9FA2E9E5FA.html) from [Health Reporting and Monitoring for VMware Cloud Foundation](https://core.vmware.com/health-reporting-and-monitoring-vmware-cloud-foundation)

## Known Issues

> ### 1. [HRM]Remove dependency of having FQDN as suffix in Account Name when configuring NSX-T account in vRealize Operations - https://github.com/vmware-samples/validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/issues/35 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. [Remove FQDN suffix dependency in the name when configuring an NSX-T cloud account in vRealize Operations](https://github.com/vmware-samples/validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/issues/35)
```

Please make sure that your NSX-T account name is configured as mentioned in this issue. 

> ### 2. vCenter Name needs to be updated in VCF 4.4.x as filters on dashboards depend on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. vCenter Server name needs to be updated in VMware Cloud Foundation 4.4.x as filters on dashboards depend on it.
```

To set the Product Name for the vCenter Server, follow the below steps - 
1. Log in to the management domain vCenter Server at `https://<management_vcenter_server_fqdn>/ui` as `administrator@vsphere.local`.
2. In the `VMs and templates` inventory, expand the `management domain vCenter Server` tree and expand the management domain data center.
3. Select the first `management domain vCenter Server virtual machine` and select `Configure` tab.
4. In the `Settings` pane select `vApp Options`.
5. Click the `Edit` button. The `Edit vApp Options` dialog box opens.
6. If vApp options are disabled, select the `Enable vApp options` check box and click `OK`.
7. Click the `Details` tab and enter `VMware vCenter Server Appliance` as product name in the `Name` field.

> ### 3. Shades of Red, Green and Yellow may be different in different widgets on vRealize Operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3. Shades of red, green, and yellow may be different in different widgets on vRealize Operations.
```

> Shades of Red, Green and Yellow may be different in different widgets but they represent the same thing. Ignore the shades, this is a vRealize Operations limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shades of red, green, and yellow may be different in different widgets but they represent the same thing. Ignore the shades as this is a vRealize Operations product limitation.
```

## Support

This Python module is not supported by VMware Support.

We welcome you to use the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/vmware-samples/validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation/issues) to report bugs or suggest enhancements.

In order to have a good experience with our community, we recommend that you read the [contributing guidelines](../CONTRIBUTING.md).

When filing an issue, please check existing open, or recently closed, issues to make sure someone else hasn't already
reported the issue.

Please try to include as much information as you can. Details like these are incredibly useful:

- A reproducible test case or series of steps.
- Any modifications you've made relevant to the bug.
- Anything unusual about your environment or deployment.

## License

> Copyright 2022-2023 VMware, Inc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright 2023 VMware, Inc.
```
